switch docs to using `OrdinaryDiffEq` sublibraries (#1110)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_simulation/ode_simulation_performance.md

solve(oprob, Tsit5())
nothing # hide
```

> If no solver argument is provided to `solve`, and the `OrdinaryDiffEqDefault` sub-library or top-level `OrdinaryDiffEq` library is installed, then one is automatically selected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no solver argument is provided to `solve`, and the `OrdinaryDiffEqDefault` sub-library or meta `OrdinaryDiffEq` library are loaded, then one is automatically selected:
```

```@example 
using OrdinaryDiffEqDefault

> ode_simulation_performance_2solve(oprob)

Reviewer: What’s this?

u0 = [:X₁ => 2.0, :X₂ => 3.0]
ps = [:k₁ => 1.0, :k₂ => 2.0]
oprob = ODEProblem(rs, u0, (0.0, 10.0), ps; remove_conserved = true)

> sol = solve(oprob, Tsit5())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sol = solve(oprob)
```
